Scouting App To-do

- Password protect?

------- GENERAL
- Match predictions / strategy??
- Compare teams page?


33 - good except for team headers & mobile
34 - levels deeper?
35 - actually just win% vs
36 - seems ok? but not sure about page loading after time machine?


Light mode
OPR playing into match predictions? How? re-scale
Moving data fused text
Data calibration to dev tab
EPA/OPR, Scouting, Pit tabs under team shouldn't scroll
Combine match details from overview tab to matches...


1. The current design represents a "dark" mode. Design a light mode option which can be toggled with small icons near the viewing mode selection in the top right.
2. Move the predictive model calibration section from the data --> algorithms tab into the tools --> dev tab.
3. The "clear event" button should clear all data from tables/charts. Currently some of the tables and charts continue to show old data when the button is clicked.
4. Make sure statbotics hosting the event is not a required connection to provide functionality. Rename the "Sync Statbotics" pre-event button to "Sync team list/history". The button should pull the event team list from the blue alliance api, then request the statbotics history for each of them. The app should also be able to function without syncing statbotics during the event, as not all events are hosted on that website.

3. The table at the top of the "Dashboard" tab still shows old data. The rest seems to have been removed.
4. I get this error: Sync complete! Loaded 48 teams (Statbotics unavailable — EPA data missing). Statbotics should have a history for each of the teams, although it may not include the event. Please check and see what is going wrong.



D/ND - TBA cache header (60s update?), Statbotics stay at or cue based on TBA information (+60s)
D - Nexus calls only within 1 hour of expected match
D - Clean up the event setup page - based on common user experience (Decent start)


Add a local Statbotics implementation for event teams only, given input histories/starting EPAs run sequential calculations after every match. Ths should be toggleable on the event setup page - if it is toggled, the auto-sync function does not query statbotics live during the event and relies on locally updating instead, which should be much faster but could hypothetically be different. THe EPA algorithm description is located at: https://www.statbotics.io/blog/epa
Incorporate Nexus-provided elim brackets & alliances - Blue alliance does not update with elim alliances quickly enough, whereas FRC Nexus is a more rapid source for alliance info and bracket. Upon user command, I want to load all playoff match data from the nexus relay (without a separate webhook if possible, please investigate this). As default, assume 8 alliances with 3 teams, playing a double-elimination bracket. Add customization for abnormal brackets in the future. Some API information is located at: https://frc.nexus/en/api
Add the ability to customize pick lists. One option is strict ordering (which is currently implemented). Another should be categorical, where teams are added to ranked categoreis ("Great", "Good", "Meh", "DNP", etc.). These categores are different than the tiers already implemented (S/A/B, etc.), but when teams are displayed in their category, they should be colored by the tier they occupy.


D - Correct schedule tabs
D - Round names for list view (11 & 12 swapped?)
D - 4-team alliances for nexus (corrects for TBA)
D - Matches tab only should only show quals
D - No longer detects non-standard?



Bracket view needs to be reorganized
D - Match OPR including playoff matches?
D - RP in elims messing with dashboard rankings? Avg RP?
D - mobile bar under main tabs is white. Change?
D - Nexus time - realign stream for playback, make buffer ~2s instead of 20
D - Tabs - move to bottom on mobile, easy UX
D - List for saving event archive: data & setup/config
D - Gap between subtabs for non-mobile views now...



Real-time nexus updates

Work with matches when sync updates
Match table, instead of color/allies show with/against in small font vertically
D - Standarize y axis in match residuals chart




Try: quickly show all autos for a given team? Maybe driver station rcorded somewhere







2025 game details in new setup...
Hidden buffs - algae & auto fuel



------- YEAR SPECIFIC
2025 - Table for auto/tele coral/algae in team scouting tab. Add tier badges to each value. Remove touched/tipped/defended. Died becomes x/y, add Endgame state in x/y format. Consolidate chicklets up top of table?
2025 - Dashboard & match prep & pick list should really have component information, not mixed EPAs.... Customize per year. 2025 should be coral (L1-L4), algae, climb? 2026 should be auto EPA/type, total EPA, shuttling, defense skill?
2025 - Maybe dashboard has a toggle for EPAs vs. components?

